<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge,chrome=1"/>
    <meta content="Template for Multiple Choice Brix" name="description"/>
    
   <!-- widgets.css contains styling for the interactive brix -->
    <link href="css/widgets.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>
<body>
    <div id="target1"></div>
    <script src="js/d3.v3.min.js"></script>
    <script src="js/brixlib-compiled.js"></script>

    <script>
	//<![CDATA[
	// Create an object that will contain the objects needed for the activities
	// on this page.
	pearson.brix.activity = {};
	var a = pearson.brix.activity;

	// The activity config that defines the brix and mortar for this page
	a.config =
		{
			"description": "A Sample Activity containing a single multiple choice bric",
			"sequenceNodeKey": "b3d5b510-34dd-480f-b8e1-b474522c9b03",
			"containerConfig":
				[
					{
						"description": "container for the sample multiple choice question",
						"containerId": "target1",
						"brixConfig":
							[
								{
									"bricId": "Q1",
									"bricType": "MultipleChoiceQuestion",
									"config":
										{
											"id": "macionis_15e_ch01_CE.01.38",
											"order": "randomized",
											"presenterType": "RadioGroup",
											"presenterConfig": { "numberFormat": "" },
											"question": "Kareem believes that U.S. families are very unequal. Growing up in a major city, he witnessed constant conflicts, between people of different racial categories and especially between people of different social classes. Which of sociology’s theoretical approaches does this description sound like?",
											"choices":
												[
													{
														"content": "gender-conflict",
														"answerKey": "answer1"
													},
													{
														"content": "structural-functional",
														"answerKey": "answer2"
													},
													{
														"content": "symbolic-interaction",
														"answerKey": "answer3"
													},
													{
														"content": "social-conflict",
														"answerKey": "answer4"
													}
												]
										},
									"configFixup":
                                        [
                                            {
                                                "type": "set-property",
                                                "name": "questionId",
                                                "value": { "type": "ref", "domain": "info", "refId": "sequenceNodeKey" }
                                            }
                                        ],
									"answerKey":
										{
											"assessmentType": "multiplechoice",
											"answers":
												{
													"answer1":
														{
															"score": 0,
															"response": "Incorrect. Consider this: Which approach views society as an arena of inequality that promotes change? Refer to Learning Objective 1.5: Summarize sociology’s major theoretical approaches."
														},
													"answer2":
														{
															"score": 0,
															"response": "Incorrect. Consider this: Which approach views society as an arena of inequality that promotes change? Refer to Learning Objective 1.5: Summarize sociology’s major theoretical approaches."
														},
													"answer3":
														{
															"score": 0,
															"response": "Incorrect. Consider this: Which approach views society as an arena of inequality that promotes change? Refer to Learning Objective 1.5: Summarize sociology’s major theoretical approaches."
														},
													"answer4":
														{
															"score": 1,
															"response": "Correct"
														}
												}
										}
								}
							],
						"hookupActions":
							[
								{
									"description": "Hookup the submit manager to evaluate answers",
									"type": "method-call",
									"instance": { "type": "submit-manager" },
									"methodName": "handleRequestsFrom",
									"args":
										[
											{ "type": "ref", "domain": "brix", "refId": "Q1" },
										]
								},
								{
									"description": "Draw the question",
									"type": "method-call",
									"instance": {"type": "ref", "domain": "brix", "refId": "Q1"},
									"methodName": "draw",
									"args":
										[
											{ "type": "d3select", "selector": "#target1" },
										]
								}
							]
					}
				]
		};

	// create the eventmanager to be used by the created brix, and the
	// bricLayer which will create them, and then tell the bricLayer to build.
	a.eventManager = new pearson.utils.EventManager();
	a.answerMan = new pearson.brix.utils.LocalAnswerMan();
	a.submitManager = new pearson.brix.utils.SubmitManager(a.eventManager, a.answerMan);

	a.bricLayer = new pearson.brix.BricLayer(null, a.eventManager, a.submitManager);

	a.building = a.bricLayer.build(a.config);

	a.answerMan.registerAnswerKey(a.config.sequenceNodeKey,
								  a.config.containerConfig[0].brixConfig[0].answerKey);
 	//]]>
    </script>
</body>
</html>
